Mr. Zhou, happy cooperation, happy cooperation.
Can you tell me now?
How can a non-Q show work hard?
Of course you can.
First of all, what about me?
How many functional improvements are there?
Allow certain paying users
To upload your own exclusive avatar.
Avatar pair second
Develop virtual non-Q show capabilities
Is it for users?
Dress up for your avatar
A variety of clothing
Mr. Cheng's suggestion is excellent
This is sure to inspire customers' enthusiasm for consumption
Third, develop non-q-space functions
Let the user
There is a cloud of pure
And a place to display personal space
Mr. Cheng, I will do it now
How do you come up with all these ideas?
Don't listen to me
I want to try out these new features right away.
Now you have to satisfy something
User's personalized needs
Capture users' pain points
Can this make a good product?
Support Mr. Chen
I will contact you as soon as I am done.
Okay, right?
Money problem
If it's not enough, keep talking to me.
OK, got it.
I have good money
Then I won't disturb you.
Brother Liu, our IQ communication software
The number of users has dropped significantly this month
What did they say?
Because our opponent is not q.
He made an upgrade
Attracted all the UFOs
Tell you what I don't care about.
Check it out for me.
I can't find out, get out